Remove Prisma and Update Commands in Debug Your Astronomer Software Installation (#912)
astronomer/docs: software/debug-install.md

manageable-snail-nginx-799d79ccf9-kfnzn                    1/1     Running            0          1h
manageable-snail-nginx-default-backend-5cc4755696-vh5zq    1/1     Running            0          1h
manageable-snail-astro-ui-7b9b9df4f9-pb99f                 1/1     Running            0          1h
manageable-snail-prometheus-0                              1/1     Running            0          1h
manageable-snail-registry-0                                1/1     Running            0          1h
```

> If these pods do not come up in a healthy state, it is usually an issue with the database connection. Try checking:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If these pods do not come up in a healthy state, it is usually an issue with the database connection. See the following topics to confirm your connection.
```
Feel free to mess with the wording, but I thought having a colon leading into a header could give the impression that there's missing content before the header.

#### Networking
Make sure that the Kubernetes cluster Astronomer is running on can connect to the database. Run the following comannd to start a `postgresql` pod in your cluster and then connect to it:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sh
```
